You still have the energy to curse.
What do you want to do? You think I'm better and you want to beat me again.
Yun Linlong, if I get the net, please sue you.
Don't challenge my patience.
I'm so stupid to ask you. You.
I agree, just say a few words less.
Don't think about the situation. OK, you're right,
If you look good, don’t let your eyes suffer. Tell me.
What are you going to do? You're fine and I'm going to rest again.
This website came to see you today to ask,
Anyone is afraid of this.
That's what I did, this is mine.
Are you sure this is yours.
You take my handkerchief and ask me whose it is.
There is another person above this, you.
You're so stupid, don't you
You don’t want it, Lin Long, you
It’s great to see you go public.
Now that you are well
This material room
I want the other person’s other garbage
Please don't go out, you piece of trash, and walk away by yourself.
Has this really not changed?
You don't know